Add spot for issue reference to PR template (#3219) (#3223)
DataBiosphere/azul: .github/pull_request_template.md

> Attached to issue: #

Reviewer: I was under the impression we wanted to add `https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/<issue number>`, only adding `#number` doesn't have an effect in the linking.

Author: It actually does affect the linking. I tested this in this PR, but also check out this comment https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/3219#issuecomment-877552166

Reviewer: https://zenhub-users.slack.com/archives/CT6PG50JX/p1619694907124500?thread_ts=1619632116.117900&cid=CT6PG50JX using URLs for linking issues automatically to PRs.

> Attached to issue: https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/

Reviewer 2: I've seen several different formats for this. WHat does the official ZH doc say?

```suggestion
Connected to issue: https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/
```

Author: https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/3219#issuecomment-877552166, but let's discuss in PL.

Author: @hannes-ucsc suggests using *just* the link to keep it simple/minimize confusion.

Author

- [ ] PR title references issue
- [ ] Title of main commit references issue

> - [ ] PR is connected to Zenhub issue and issue description links to issue

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] PR is connected to Zenhub issue and link added to PR description
```

Author: Clearly what I have written here is wrong, but I mis-copied [what @hannes-ucsc had requested](https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/pull/3223#discussion_r671403159).

Since your suggestion and his say essentially the same thing, I'd rather defer to his. If there's a problem with this that I'm missing, please let me know. Sorry for the trouble, hopefully this should be a straightforward review.

> - [ ] PR is linked to Zenhub issue and issue is linked in description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] PR is connected to Zenhub issue and description links to issue
```
